# Project: Iron Deprivation Enhances Transcriptional Responses to Growth Arrest

This repository contains the files and data associated with the research project on how iron deprivation enhances transcriptional responses to growth arrest by using Glycerol as qa carbon source.

## Repository Structure

The repository is organized as follows:

- **Analyses**: This folder contains the files used for data analysis. It is subdivided into three additional folders:
  - **Codes**: Contains the codes used in the analysis.
  - **Inputs**: Here are the input data used in the project.
  - **Outputs**: Contains the outputs generated by the codes.

- **GEO_submission**: In this folder are the files necessary for the project submission on the GEO (Gene Expression Omnibus) platform. It includes two Excel files:
  - *Metadata.xlsx*: Metadata associated with the project.
  - *Reads_counts.xlsx*: Read counts uploaded to GEO.

- **Manuscript**: This folder contains the files related to the manuscript writing associated with the project. It is subdivided into several additional folders:
  - **Figures**: Contains the main figures used in the manuscript.
  - **Proof**: Contains files related to proofreading and editing the manuscript.
  - **Supplementary_figures**: Here are the supplementary figures accompanying the manuscript.
  - **Supplementary_tables**: Contains the supplementary tables used in the project.

## Using the Repository

This repository provides access to the files and data used in the research project. Users are encouraged to explore the files and use them as needed for their own projects or for educational purposes.

## Reference

If you use data or code from this repository in your research, please cite the following paper:

[Alebouyeh S, Cárdenas-Pestana JA, Vazquez L, Prados-Rosales R, Del Portillo P, Sanz J, Menéndez MC and García MJ (2022) Iron deprivation enhances transcriptional responses to in vitro growth arrest of Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Front. Microbiol. 13:956602. doi: 10.3389/fmicb.2022.956602]

